[Music]
hey gorgeous everyone is beautiful for
different reasons but have you ever
wondered what type of beauty you are
take this test and keep track of your
answers to find out one when you wake up
in the morning what's the first thing
you do hey if this moves fun then roll
over what's the harm in pleading an
extra twenty minutes
B move over to the floor and start
rewarding meditations or yoga poses be
head to the bathroom to put on your
morning mat you've got to get your skin
ready for the day D pour a fresh cup of
coffee it's already brewed since you've
timed it last night
e feed your dog and take it for a walk
[Music]
- what's your biggest beauty secret a
experimenting in the kitchen and making
your own beauty masks
whether it's mayo and avocado or a nice
smelling sugar scrub why pay a ton of
money for beauty products when you can
do it yourself at home
be a good mood how you're feeling inside
truly shows on your face so the happier
you are the more radiant you look you
always try to do at least one thing a
day that makes you happy
it makes your smile much brighter see
doing exactly what you were taught you
always wash your face at night apply
some witch hazel and a light moisturizer
no matter how tired you are you never
straight from your beauty routine D
always mixing things up you never want
to do the same exact thing every day
your body gets too used to it kind of
like exercise you love trying the latest
and greatest skincare products in a
beauty secret so you don't really have
one
do you have other things to worry about
in your life quite frankly
[Music]
three your work is holding its annual
award ceremony you're supposed to dress
up a bit for the occasion
what look do you go with hey nothing too
stuffy or formal you choose a soft dress
and your favorite platform shoes you've
had for years so they're a little
scuffed you like them and that's all
that matters be you're hoping for that
Employee of the Year award which is all
the more reason to wear your lucky
blouse you're sure has good dude you
attached to it see a classic cocktail
dress with an understated yet stylish
stiletto never goes out of style d a
knockoff of Kim Kardashian's latest Met
Gala get up you know it'll turn heads e
since you don't have a lot of extra time
to get ready for the event you throw on
that nice dress you wore to your
cousin's wedding last year it still fits
so it'll do for what kind of eye makeup
do you wear every day a the same basic
look but you always like to throw in one
element of surprise like a colorful eye
liner or even tiny jewels B you're all
about a good ethereal glow you never
forget a little shimmery eyeshadow that
sunkissed look makes you feel extra
pretty see whether you're at work or
hanging out with friends a basic cat eye
is perfect it makes your eyes look
bigger and matches any outfit Dini
it changes since you like to keep up
with the latest techniques it's all
about contouring these days so you're
focused on the base instead of the eyes
E if you have time you might throw on
some mascara but you generally don't
wear much eye makeup at all
five where do you look to get fashion
tips eight your most inspired by what
people in other countries are wearing
and experimenting with B nature since
you love earthy colors you are very
influenced by the different seasons see
Marilyn Monroe Audrey Hepburn you can't
go wrong with the classics d mostly
trending social influencers on YouTube
and Instagram e you like flipping
through magazines from time to time but
really try to emulate what you find six
how would your best friend describe you
a new march to the beat of your own drum
and are incredibly creative be a Zen
Queen you never lose your cool and treat
all people with kindness see you always
look flawless and demand attention when
you enter a room d you're a super trendy
it always know fun places to go on the
weekends e you're very kind
and go above and beyond to make sure
everyone is happy and comfortable
seven you're packing for a much-needed
vacation to a very humid climate what
beauty products do you bring eight you
probably go super minimal on the makeup
since it's humid and bring more colorful
clothing fun hair accessories and eye
catching shoes to show off your style
instead be no products necessary why not
let nature take its course
you're about to get a natural facial
every day in this weather
see you never leave the house with that
at least a little makeup even in eighty
percent humidity you may wear less on
this vacation than usual but you're sure
to pack some hair supplies a basic
lipstick eyeliner and mascara dee you
know that a lot of celebs are wearing
beautiful wraps on the beach these days
so that's what you'll be bringing e
you'll be packing plenty of sunscreen
and protective clothing the Sun is no
joke folks eight which of the following
is the most nightmarish to you a having
to wear a school uniform forever
B being stuck working in a cubicle for
the rest of your life C suddenly
becoming allergic to all your makeup and
having to go around bare face from now
on D losing your Wi-Fi connection e
being unreachable when your loved ones
really need you
[Music]
alright that wraps up the questions now
take a look at your answer tally and
let's see your results
what kind of beauty are you if you
picked mostly A's you're a rare beauty
be bold or be nothing is your motto you
only live once so why not do things your
way you love experimenting with
different styles and if you like
something that's all that matters
whether it's rocking a genuine necklace
your great-grandmother gave you or the
most daring lip color you could find you
love turning heads with your looks you
tend to hang on to a lot of old clothing
makeup and accessories because you love
your unique stuff so much but don't be
afraid to give something's up if you
don't wear them anymore
you're always finding fun new things to
express yourself with so there's no need
to let all your stuff pile up over the
years if you picked mostly bees you're a
spiritual beauty you're all about
checking in their feelings and following
your heart that means you love
showcasing your natural beauty and enjoy
enhancing it with makeup and hair
products that make you feel good you're
most inspired by the environment around
you and really feel at peace when you
can be your true authentic self your
inner harmony is what makes you truly
beautiful sometimes you get so caught up
in your own feelings you become unaware
of what's going on around you be sure to
recognize when you're go with the flow
attitude can offend others or break
dress codes if you picked mostly C's
you're a classic beauty when it comes to
classic beauty you never disappoint
you're inspired by timeless looks like
those of Marilyn Monroe and Sophia
around you don't like to rock the boat
with experimental looks or keep up with
the latest trends in fact classic Beauty
never goes out of fashion and if it
ain't broke don't fix it
while you love classic looks don't limit
yourself just because you haven't
changed your makeup style in years
doesn't mean you can't have some fun
once in a while and switch it up you may
be missing out on some fun beauty trends
that you'll really like if you picked
mostly Dee's you're a modern Beauty when
it comes to the latest trends you
definitely know your stuff
Frank's often come to you for makeup and
fashion advice because you're always so
up-to-date with what's currently popular
you love going online and watching
makeup tutorials and Street look albums
so that you can be in the know of what's
in these days there's nothing wrong with
staying updated and getting Beauty
inspiration and tips from the web as
long as they're safe and reliable but
are you sacrificing your individuality
if everyone else is wearing the same
sort of outfits makeup loads and
hairstyles and you're always staying up
with the times
then what sets you apart from the crowd
do you really love a certain look
because it flatters you and makes you
feel good or just because everyone else
is doing it maybe try setting your own
trends instead of following everybody
else's if you picked mostly E's you're a
compassionate beauty your kindness and
generosity are what truly make you
beautiful your idea of beauty is more
than outward appearance you believe it's
more about what you do with your life
and then how you look whether it's
caring for animals are taking care of
your family
your beauty runs deep while it's
commendable that you take such pride in
caring for others don't forget to leave
yourself it's not selfish to take some
time out of your busy schedule to pamper
yourself a little putting on a face mask
and relaxing in a hot bubble bath isn't
just about skin care and whatnot it's a
way to de-stress and take care of
yourself and everyone deserves that
self-care what are your results
and do you agree with them let me know
down in the comments don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]